[docs] Add various fixes for the premium version of the scheduler (#21325)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/scheduler/quickstart/quickstart.md

### Render the component

With the component imported, and events defined, you're now ready to render the render the Event Timeline as shown below:

{{"demo": "RenderEventCalendar.js", "defaultCodeOpen": true, "bg": "inline"}}

## Rendering an Event Timeline

### Import the component

> Import the `<EventTimelinePremium />` component along with the `SchedulerEvent` and `SchedulerResource` types:

Author: Otherwise I can do this, but it's weird since `<EventTimeline />` doesn't exist...

```suggestion
Import the Event Timeline component along with the `SchedulerEvent` and `SchedulerResource` types:
```
